docs/dea.md, before:

---
id: dea
title: DEA token
description: 'Core DEUS finance team and representatives of the DAO'
---

#### - DEA is not and never will be a stablecoin, as it was [voted](https://t.me/deusfinance/33986) by the community to not mint any more tokens (shards).
#### - There will not be a DEA V1 Stablecoin. The seigniorage stablecoin(The system planned for DEA) will still be developed but eventually without DEA as a keyrole as the community demanded. This coin will be called differently. 
#### - Pooling DEA to provide an exit gateway for Vault stakers, enables you to earn the maximum Fees inside the DEUS ecosystem.
#### - Can be bought on [Uniswap](https://app.uniswap.org/#/swap?inputCurrency=0x3b62f3820e0b035cc4ad602dece6d796bc325325&outputCurrency=0x80ab141f324c3d6f2b18b030f1c4e95d4d658778) or [DEUS Swap](https://app.deus.finance/swap).
#### - The liquidity mining event lasting from October 2020 until middle of January 2021 will distribute 110,000 DEA to stakers. After that no more DEA will be minted.


___

## Why have two protocol tokens?

DEUS could not be pre-minted and thus could not be used for the liquidity mining event. Liquidity mining was meant to let people engage with the DEUS protocol, by letting them farm pre-minted DEA until we launch the stock trading platform by late December 2020.

DEA was initially supposed to become a stablecoin, but the idea was vetoed by the community. Instead, DEA became a low supply coin that has unlimited upside and is the perfect pick for users that had issues with the low price sensetivity of the DEUS token.

The seigniorage stablecoin system will still be developed eventually, but with a different coin serving this role.




## More detailed description

You need DEA to get into the Balancer Pools (around 70% of the pooled assets are DEA in some form)
those pools earn around 70% of all fees.
so whenever someone comes to the platform, that doesnt want to trade but instead be a LiquidityProvider and earn fees
he will use the Zapper
to get into the highest yielding pool
the zapper will automatically buy alot of DEA with his money
and put it into the staking pools
this will be done seamlessly

Commit message:

Many changes
I lightened the tone around DEA being a stable coin, because I think putting too much emphasis on correcting misconceptions will only create more.

I also tried to update dates.

In the last paragraph, I took out the portion about Zapper, and tried to detail DEA's role in collateralizing the stocks. However, I'm not completely certain of exactly how this will be done, so it needs more attention, I believe. This, I will do in the morning.

docs/dea.md, after:

---
id: dea
title: DEA token
description: 'Core DEUS finance team and representatives of the DAO'
---

#### - Pooling DEA, to provide an exit gateway for vault stakers, enables you to earn the maximum fees inside the DEUS ecosystem.
#### - DEA Can be bought on [Uniswap](https://app.uniswap.org/#/swap?inputCurrency=0x3b62f3820e0b035cc4ad602dece6d796bc325325&outputCurrency=0x80ab141f324c3d6f2b18b030f1c4e95d4d658778) or [DEUS Swap](https://app.deus.finance/swap).
#### - The liquidity mining event, lasting from October 2020 until middle of January 2021, will distribute 110,000 DEA to stakers. After that no more DEA will be minted.
#### - DEA is not and never will be a stablecoin, as it was [voted](https://t.me/deusfinance/33986) by the community to not mint any more tokens (shards).

___

## Why have two protocol tokens?

DEUS could not be pre-minted and thus could not be used for the liquidity mining event. Liquidity mining was meant to encourage users engage with the DEUS protocol, by letting them farm pre-minted DEA until the launch of the stock trading platform by late January 2021.

DEA was initially concieved as a stablecoin, but this idea was vetoed by the community. Instead, DEA became a low supply coin that has unlimited upside, and is the perfect complement to the low price sensitivity of the DEUS token.

A seigniorage stablecoin system will also be developed eventually, but with a different coin serving this role.




## More detailed description

DEA is used to partially collateralize the protocol. It is also the primary source of fees earned by liquidity providers. In order to become liquidity providers, users need DEA to enter the Balancer pools, around 70% of which are composed of DEA in some form. Those pools earn around 70% of all fees. In later stages, other assets, like WBTC, will be added as collateral.
